OCaml-Win32 Library, version 0.02
Copyright (c) 2002 by Harry Chomsky

OCaml-Win32 is a set of OCaml wrappers for the Win32 API.  You can use this
library to write true Win32 GUI applications in OCaml.  A small sample
application is provided.

In most cases, you can call an OCaml-Win32 function in much the same way as
you would call the equivalent Win32 API function from C.  The biggest
difference is the way of sending and receiving Windows messages; see the file
"messages.txt" for more details.

You can attach the OCaml-Win32 library to your program using static or dynamic
linking, but certain Windows features are available only when using static
linking.  See the file "build.txt" for details.

The library is broken up into modules that correspond to sections of the
Platform SDK documentation included with MSDN Library Visual Studio 6.0.  The
module Win32 collects all of these small modules together into a single large
module.

Places where more work is needed are indicated in the source code by comments
with the characters "...".  The Win32 API is enormous and only small parts of
it have been wrapped in this release.  Future releases will wrap increasingly
large portions of the API, according to the author's needs and any requests
received from users.

Nicolas Cannasse has extended the OCaml-Win32 library, and has also developed
a RAD library called Osiris (based on OCaml-Win32) for easy prototyping of
Windows GUI applications.  His work is available at:

    http://tech.motion-twin.com

OCaml-Win32 is released under the GNU Library General Public License.  If you
wish to use it in a manner that is incompatible with this license, please
contact the author.

Requirements:
- OCaml version 3.04 or higher (3.06 recommended), native Win32 port
- Microsoft Visual C++ version 6

Harry Chomsky
harryc@chomsky.net
http://www.chomsky.net
